resources/docs/docs.md, before:

<h2 class="alert alert-success">Congratulations, your <a class="alert-link" href="http://luminusweb.net">Luminus</a> site is ready!</h2>

This page will help guide you through the first steps of building your site.

#### Why are you seeing this page?

The `home-routes` handler in the `clojure-image-bank.routes.home` namespace
defines the route that invokes the `home-page` function whenever an HTTP
request is made to the `/` URI using the `GET` method.

```
(defroutes home-routes
  (GET "/" [] (home-page))
  (GET "/about" [] (about-page)))
```

The `home-page` function will in turn call the `clojure-image-bank.layout/render` function
to render the HTML content:

```
(defn home-page []
  (layout/render
    "home.html" {:docs (-> "docs/docs.md" io/resource slurp)}))
```

The `render` function will render the `home.html` template found in the `resources/templates`
folder using a parameter map containing the `:docs` key. This key points to the
contents of the `resources/docs/docs.md` file containing these instructions.


The HTML templates are written using [Selmer](https://github.com/yogthos/Selmer) templating engine.


```
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-12">
    {{docs|markdown}}
  </div>
</div>
```

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="http://www.luminusweb.net/docs/html_templating.md">learn more about HTML templating »</a>



#### Organizing the routes

The routes are aggregated and wrapped with middleware in the `clojure-image-bank.handler` namespace:

```
(def app-routes
  (routes
    (-> #'home-routes
        (wrap-routes middleware/wrap-csrf)
        (wrap-routes middleware/wrap-formats))
    (route/not-found
      (:body
        (error-page {:status 404
                     :title "page not found"})))))
```

The `app-routes` definition groups all the routes in the application into a single handler.
A default route group is added to handle the `404` case.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="http://www.luminusweb.net/docs/routes.md">learn more about routing »</a>

The `home-routes` are wrapped with two middleware functions. The first enables CSRF protection.
The second takes care of serializing and deserializing various encoding formats, such as JSON.

#### Managing your middleware

Request middleware functions are located under the `clojure-image-bank.middleware` namespace.

This namespace is reserved for any custom middleware for the application. Some default middleware is
already defined here. The middleware is assembled in the `wrap-base` function.

Middleware used for development is placed in the `clojure-image-bank.dev-middleware` namespace found in
the `env/dev/clj/` source path.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="http://www.luminusweb.net/docs/middleware.md">learn more about middleware »</a>




#### Need some help?

Visit the [official documentation](http://www.luminusweb.net/docs) for examples
on how to accomplish common tasks with Luminus. The `#luminus` channel on the [Clojurians Slack](http://clojurians.net/) and [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/luminusweb) are both great places to seek help and discuss projects with other users.

Commit message:

Renamed from clojure_image_bank to clojure_photo_bank

resources/docs/docs.md, after:

<h2 class="alert alert-success">Congratulations, your <a class="alert-link" href="http://luminusweb.net">Luminus</a> site is ready!</h2>

This page will help guide you through the first steps of building your site.

#### Why are you seeing this page?

The `home-routes` handler in the `clojure-photo-bank.routes.home` namespace
defines the route that invokes the `home-page` function whenever an HTTP
request is made to the `/` URI using the `GET` method.

```
(defroutes home-routes
  (GET "/" [] (home-page))
  (GET "/about" [] (about-page)))
```

The `home-page` function will in turn call the `clojure-photo-bank.layout/render` function
to render the HTML content:

```
(defn home-page []
  (layout/render
    "home.html" {:docs (-> "docs/docs.md" io/resource slurp)}))
```

The `render` function will render the `home.html` template found in the `resources/templates`
folder using a parameter map containing the `:docs` key. This key points to the
contents of the `resources/docs/docs.md` file containing these instructions.


The HTML templates are written using [Selmer](https://github.com/yogthos/Selmer) templating engine.


```
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-12">
    {{docs|markdown}}
  </div>
</div>
```

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="http://www.luminusweb.net/docs/html_templating.md">learn more about HTML templating »</a>



#### Organizing the routes

The routes are aggregated and wrapped with middleware in the `clojure-photo-bank.handler` namespace:

```
(def app-routes
  (routes
    (-> #'home-routes
        (wrap-routes middleware/wrap-csrf)
        (wrap-routes middleware/wrap-formats))
    (route/not-found
      (:body
        (error-page {:status 404
                     :title "page not found"})))))
```

The `app-routes` definition groups all the routes in the application into a single handler.
A default route group is added to handle the `404` case.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="http://www.luminusweb.net/docs/routes.md">learn more about routing »</a>

The `home-routes` are wrapped with two middleware functions. The first enables CSRF protection.
The second takes care of serializing and deserializing various encoding formats, such as JSON.

#### Managing your middleware

Request middleware functions are located under the `clojure-photo-bank.middleware` namespace.

This namespace is reserved for any custom middleware for the application. Some default middleware is
already defined here. The middleware is assembled in the `wrap-base` function.

Middleware used for development is placed in the `clojure-photo-bank.dev-middleware` namespace found in
the `env/dev/clj/` source path.

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="http://www.luminusweb.net/docs/middleware.md">learn more about middleware »</a>




#### Need some help?

Visit the [official documentation](http://www.luminusweb.net/docs) for examples
on how to accomplish common tasks with Luminus. The `#luminus` channel on the [Clojurians Slack](http://clojurians.net/) and [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/luminusweb) are both great places to seek help and discuss projects with other users.
